# MultiThreaded

  The design I went with for my multi-threaded project was to split the array of random numbers into groups. In level 1 I will have to create 5 threads so the numbers I want to pass in are 0, 2000, 4000, 6000, 8000, one in each level 1 thread. It is possible to pass in numbers as a parameter by changing the integer to a void pointer then deference it back to an integer in the method of the threads. In the 5 Level 1 threads I need to also split 2000 of numbers in each thread by 20 because of the 100 Level 2 threads. 5x20=100. In the method for Level 1 thread I will pass in numbers with an incriminate of 100 to the method for Level 2 thread because each Level 1 thread needs 20 Level 2 threads and 20x100=2000. In the Level 2 method the numbers coming in are going to be in incriminates of 100 so I check the the 100 random numbers within the range of the input and input+100. Then I put the min that I found in an array of 100 the index will come from the data passed divide by 100. When it joins back to the method for Level 1 threads I will check the array of mins with 100 random numbers by 20 numbers each Level 1 thread. The index will come from the data inputed from main divide by 2000 the index you get are 0->0,2000->1,4000->2,6000->3,8000->4. I will then check 20 mins and put min in an array of 5  integers for each Level 1 thread. When all 5 of the Level 1 threads are done and joins back to the main I will print all the output into an out.txt file. While it is printing the top 5 mins I will be checking to see which one is the grand min so i can save it and then print the grand min to the out file. The problems that I faced while coding this project is finding out how to get the numbers be passed as a parameter, also finding out how to get the index number for the array so I can put the number in the right place.
